You get in there
You are arrogant
Yes a little
Good, then I'll make you arrogant enough today
Come and teach him how to be a good person
Kneel down
Ouch, it seems that you are quite tough, right?
You boy let you boy let me go
Let me hit you hard
To Lao Tzu's place
It was the dragon that coiled Lao Tzu
It's the tiger lying on my stomach
Ya Ya
Hurry up, chief, why are you here?
Let him go now
Chief, what boss did he offend?
bastard
I told you to let him go
Chief Secretary
I'll open the key for you.
This this this
Take this thing with you if you want
Can you take it if you want?
Sorry, sir.
It's my people who are not sensible
I apologize to you
make amends
Can you afford it?
Chief, did you see that?
Isn't he really arrogant?
He is a king
How dare you be so rude!
Come on!
I'm a little itchy
Keep hitting me
I'm blind
Forgive me for a while
a while
I want to forgive you too
But you still have to die
Did you bring what I asked for?
Director Zhao, take a look for yourself
Emperor
How dare you collude with Shen Tianhu to take over my family?
Somebody take him out for me
Director forgive me